Bugfix for non-stddev nduncertainties (#2283)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: CHANGES.rst

Specviz
^^^^^^^

> - Removed assumption that NDUncertainty's given to Specviz are always standard deviation type [#2283]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uncertainties in spectra given to Specviz will now work correctly when non-standard deviation type [#2283]
```
This wording change is just to make it a bit more "user-facing"
